Beautiful.
We have h the amount for one single card.
Now let's head over back to Stiles.
Well like I said I'm going to place it again in between the content or I'm sorry the contact and the
product.
So why I'm going to look for contact in this case as we can see it is in the product.
So again let's add our comments where we have first of all these services services like so and then
let's cut and pasted.
That's right.
Of services.
All right.
That's an awesome start.
First why don't we add the background color because if we're checking our finished project you're gonna
notice that we have the background of gray where for the contact we had obviously white.
Okay.
Now what is our color.
Well if we scroll all the way up we can notice that we have a bunch of colors here.
We have main dark as our systems variable and we have course main white main Gray primary color secondary
color.
In this case we're gonna set it as a main Gray.
So this particular color.
So in this case and I'll have to look into more for contact.
I can just go for services and you're gonna notice how easy it is to navigate around our document Morsi
as this document.
And then let's start by in fact selecting the services section.
Well let's add a background property so let's write background then we're gonna access our systems variable
by the name of main Gray.
We're not selected and I can clearly see that I do have my background right then I would like to right
away work with my image.
Now I'm gonna add a little bit more styles later on but first of all I would like to make it responsive
because it is annoying the heck out of me the fact that it is so massive and the way we do that first
all we select the class service.
I am G.
And then let's just say with is going to be hundred.
So our image is going to be responsive.
And then also we would want to get rid of this margin that is here in the bottom and the way we do that
is by using this player of block all right.
And you can clearly see how we got rid of the margin like I said there's going to be a little bit more
styles I'm just gonna write more styles because right now I'd like to worry about the card itself.
Then what we have.
Well we have the title all the way on top.
And remember for the title we had a class of services title so let's selected services title and then
let's add some padding on top.
So padding not bottom but padding top is going to be internal for our homes.
And yes we have our padding.
There you go.
Then we have our services card.
So one by one why do we start working on the card.
And first thing that I would like to add is in fact this border not the border with is really up to
you.
You can go with five hour Ms you can go with one arm.
It doesn't really matter.
Now I'm gonna go with I believe zero point three.
So let's me first select the card so service honored like so and then I'm gonna add Border of like I
said zero point three are Ms solid.
So I'd want my board to be solid and then I would want to use the primary color basically my green one.
So essentially I'm gonna write a primary color like so and I should have my border awesome and everything
works really really well.
By the way I can check it out of course on my bigger browser window as well.
Now I do have one card so that's the reason it looks like that but we are already getting there.
Now next one up I would like to add a little bit of padding for on my card all around you see this line.
That is my padding so I'm going to say for my card so service card first of all I had a border that
I'm we're gonna add a little bit of padding all around zero point to our rhythms like so now I do have
my padding but I'm also gonna use some border radius.
So even though the rest of the project we didn't use any border radius in fact everything was sharp
edges were sharp.
In this case I would like to use a border radius.
So we're going to write border radius for my hole card is going to be one RTM.
OK.
Now lastly I would also like to add a little bit of margin now because once the screen size is going
to be extra small.
So if I make my screen size extra small hold one some distance in between them.
Later on when we're going to add more items.
So that's the reason why I'm gonna say margin top bottom is going to be to Larry Ms.
MIKE So I'm left and right is going to be zero.
All right now that's my setup for the card later on if we're looking at a final project we noticed that
we do have the box shadow.
But since we also have the box shadow here for this guy for the icon first we're going to add it for
the icon and then we're gonna come back and work with this card.
So I'm going to write here comment bar shadow styling something like that because it's gonna make a
little more sense once we get there.
Now like I said more stars for the image and that's where we are right.
And what do I mean by more styles.
Well you notice one thing where I do have my nice ball radius for my card.
But at the moment my image.
Well it still has these sharp edges.
Correct.
And I can even zoom in just so I can see it clear.
So what we would like to do is set up for the image also some border radius.
However we need to be careful where I don't want to borrow a radius here on the bottom.
I just want for the top right edge and top left edge and the property is following border and had to
board that border and then we go for top and then we have left.
All right.
And then we have let's say left radius and I'm gonna set it for five harems.
And then on left inside right away we have our ideas.
Let's copy and paste that and let's just change this value not to the left but to a right.
Now both of them have this border radius.
And then we have our service info.
So that's this guy over here in the bottom right.
Right after the image we have our service info.
So like I said that would be our second component essentially as we are creating this card.
Now what are the styles for this guy.
So let's start by service info.
First of all and then let's add a background.
My background is again really your choice.
You could set this up white because notice your background is in fact Gray already.
So it's going to stand out.
But I'm gonna set it for my primary color.
So let's write var.
And for some reason I'm keep pressing the star.
But I would like to get primary color like so and I do have it now.
Everything works really well.
Then why don't we add also a borer radius for the info.
Because again we added for the image.
But on the bottom we would want it for of course our service info.
So in this case when I'm going to do just so we can save a little bit of time and copy and paste it
and then instead of top let's select two cursors and delete it and let's red bottom and that's it.
Now we're gonna have our margins or I'm sorry border radius is in the bottom then I would like to in
fact center my text.
So the line is gonna be center like.
So then why don't we add a little bit of bigger font size so font size one point that we dream something
like that.
And then the letter spacing we have the variable remember.
Again I'm going to scroll up quickly.
We have the letter spacing variable.
Yes that's variable for zero point five.
Let's navigate back and let's keep on working just showing you where I'm getting these values var letter
spacing let's set that one up.
Also what I would like to do.
Well I have the color correct so I could use a color color is going to be white.
So var and we had the color variable of main word.
And let's set it this way.
And the last but not least we're gonna have a text transform and we're gonna set it as capitalized like
this.
Now lastly I'm gonna add a little bit of padding for my whole service and for so let's write here padding
and I'm just gonna set a pattern for top bottom and no.
Ah I'm sorry.
Yeah.
Top bottom but left and right is going to be zero.
OK.
Sorry I just got there confused a little bit where I was setting the pattern.
Now technically if you want you can also set up the patterns here and also you can obviously change
the letter spacing if you don't like.
Now the reason why I'm adding heading this way is because in my setup I'm going to add later on of course
this icon if you're not adding probably doesn't make sense to have that kind of padding such a big padding
in the bottom or if you would want maybe to have the same padding in a bottom so you could also write
something like this 2.5.
Okay.
That is your layout.
Now my reasoning for that was very simple.
Like I said I'm going to add my icon here on top.
That's the reason why padding was left.
Of course bigger on top here.
Now please keep in mind there's multiple ways how we can create this.
This is just one of the ways that I picked and it is no right or wrong answer in this case you could
set up of course your icon here and just moved it up as well.
That is also an option.
Now I chose this particular way because I wanted to show you how in fact we can work with this service
image container because there's gonna be cases where you would like to place something whether that's
on top of image or in a central image and all like that.
So the reason why I had this setup is that one.
Now you could have obviously had the same result by doing stuff differently.
There is no right or wrong answer as long as you get your job done or basically essentially if you get
the layout that you'd want.
And last thing that I would like to work in the service info is in fact the button.
So this read more mutton where we're going to set up some styling for this particular button and go
right serve his beat and I remember that was our class name.
I would want to have it display in line block in line block just so I can have nicely of course my paintings
and margins.
Let's write background here in this case.
Why don't we go for the White one.
So our variable is main white like so then we have Texas Declaration of none.
Now as far as this tax declaration goes why we're adding it.
Well it's in fact very simple.
Now in this case I didn't have it as a link correct.
I just had it as a button.
So of course you're looking at it and you're like well what was the point for tax decoration.
Well let's imagine the scenario where this particular button in fact would be set up as a link.
So that's the reason why we just get her off this default declaration that comes four legs.
OK in this case it doesn't really do anything him because buttons don't have that now Tex transform
why don't we set it up as capitalize capitalized like so then also why don't we add a little bit of
padding zero point eight.
Stop bottom to our aims left and right.
Now that's my setup then color is going to be primary color which is going to be green Wah I'm color.
And it should be green.
Yep.
I raise font weight.
We're going to go with bold font two way and let's set it as bold.
So then also let's add a little bit of.
So in this case I'm going to say border zero point two are yams solid and I'm gonna go with the white
one so far and then we had our variable of course by the value of main white.
And in this case you're like wondering well what's the point.
Well the way we have our setup is as I'm gonna be scrolling over of course the background is gonna change
and the background is gonna be transparent and then we're gonna see our border now.
So border and then what do we have after border.
Well let's decide what we're gonna set it.
Our border radius maybe more radius and we're gonna set it as zero point five.
All right Ms.
Cursor could be a pointer.
So as I'm hovering over fact notice I have my cursor.
And why don't we also add a little bit of margin at the top so margin up.
And I'm going to go with one arms now a little bit bigger margin on the top as well as the transition
because like I said as we're hovering over I would like to change the background color.
That's the reason why we're going to set transition.
And as far as transition we're going to go with main transition again.
Once you assess variable we already said before.
And then lastly why don't we add the hover effect.
So let's write service n hover as we're hovering over this button.
I would want to have the background of transparent so let's write the background transparent.
That's number one.
And second we're going to also change the color and both of these changes are going to happen.
In fact over time so they're not going to happen instantly because we have this transition already set.
So let's go with Main White is going to be in fact our color.
So as I'm hovering over the button of course my background is changing and it's changing over time not
instantly.
And we have our initial card setup.
Now next one up of course we're going to have to create more cards and then work on our floats.
So where we have cards side by side and depending on the screen size whether we're going to have two
cards in one row or in fact all three cards in the same row.